Adding new grant 2023_toqito.md (#382)
unitaryfund/unitary.fund: src/content/grant/2023_toqito.md

---
name: Toqito
year: 2023
month: 9
day: 25
country: US
tags:

>   - QIM
>   - UPB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - python
```

  - software
---

> To **Purva Thakre** to grow **[Toqito](https://github.com/purva-thakre)**, toward a mature open-source project and utilize it for further research in UPB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To **Purva Thakre** to grow **[Toqito](https://github.com/purva-thakre)**, toward a mature open-source project and utilize it for further research in unextendible product bases.
```
